# Icon List

File Name | FA Icon Name
--- | ---
dsArrowRight | arrow-right
dsBedroom | bedroom
dsBike | bike
dsBook | book
dsCCCircle | cc-circle
dsCheckCircle | check-circle
dsChevronRight | chevron-right
dsComb | comb
dsCup | cup
dsDoor | door
dsDownload | download
dsDrinkingWater | drinking-water
dsFamily | family
dsFoodMarker | food-marker
dsFreezer | freezer
dsGardenFence | garden-fence
dsGuitar | guitar
dsHandLeft | hand-left
dsHandRight | hand-right
dsHanger | hanger
dsHouse | house
dsInfoCircle | info-circle
dsKey | key
dsKidsBed | kids-bed
dsKitchen | kitchen
dsLock | lock
dsLogotype | logotype
dsMapMarker | map-marker
dsMotorcycle | motorcycle
dsPet | pet
dsPills | pills
dsPlay | play
dsRoof | roof
dsSearch | search
dsShoe | shoe
dsShoeHighheel | shoe-highheel
dsSpices | spices
dsTable | table
dsTeacup | teacup
dsTelevision | television
dsToothbtush | toothbrush
dsToothpaste | toothpaste
dsZoomIn | zoom-in
dsZoomOut | zoom-out